my name is Justin row I am the founder
and CMO at impactable which is the
largest LinkedIn ads agency in North
America we have about 190 clients uh I
also have a rather large following on
LinkedIn with about
65,000 um marketers and startup Founders
who follow us for advice there I have
known Sam for years on LinkedIn I've
been following his advice about uh paid
search
SEO uh he does amazing work uh for his
clients we've experienced that firsthand
and seen him in action uh we have as an
agency we do not fulfill those Services
um we recommend Sam and Sam has always
had amazing results uh and great
feedback from anyone we send his way he
has been super nice the team is very
professional and honestly when it comes
to LinkedIn um or you know the voices I
follow on LinkedIn he uh and the his
team are the absolute experts in this
area so I highly recommend if you are
looking for someone for SEO um he is
your guy that is your team